Adding account outputs to azure active directory users (#21593)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphUser/ReleaseNotes/1_5_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Active Directory Users

> - Added the outputs in *Context Data* also to the *Account* key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the outputs in *Context Data* to the *Account* key as well.
```
